SXEmacs Installation Guide
Copyright (C) 2005 Steve Youngs

In a nutshell:
-------------
See ./configure --help for a description of all possible options,
then

  $ ./configure [options]
  $ make
  $ make check
  $ make install

Prerequisites:
-------------
Your version of SXEmacs includes a file called `PROBLEMS' in the top
directory of the source tarball.  Please take a moment now to look
over it.

SXEmacs needs an ANSI C compatible compiler such as GCC (at least
version 2.95.3) to build.  If you don't have such a compiler you can
get GCC from: http://gcc.gnu.org/.

Please note that SXEmacs _CANNOT_ be built with a C++ compiler.

Also, some configuration options may need external libraries that are
not shipped with SXEmacs.  SXEmacs will determine which libraries it
needs at configuration time (when you run `./configure').

If configure can't find a particular library and you _do_ have it
installed, you can usually get configure to find it by adding to the
`--with-site-prefixes' option.

Stripping:
---------
Our advice... _DON'T_ do it.  Stripping object files doesn't buy you
anything other than a little bit of drive space.  And in an era where
200 Gigabyte hard disks are common, the space saved by stripping is
inconsequential at best.

But that isn't the only reason why we suggest that you don't strip
SXEmacs.  If you did, any bug reports you sent us would be useless
because the backtrace from any coredump wouldn't contain any usefull
information.

Another reason for not stripping comes from the complexity of SXEmacs
and how it is built.  SXEmacs first compiles to a basic binary
(sometimes called "temacs"), and then it loads in a pile of lisp code
and other goodies, and dumps itself out to become the finished SXEmacs
binary.  Add into that mix, the portable dumper (where a lot of stuff
for sxemacs actually resides _outside_ of the binary in a dump file)
and it becomes apparent that stripping may not even be possible.  What
do you strip? temacs? the portable dump file? sxemacs binary?

Err on the side of caution and don't even try it.

Compiler Optimisations:
----------------------
Considerable care has been taken to ensure that the maximum safe
compiler optimisation flags have been turned on by default.  If you
wish to use your own flags, that's OK, but understand that sometimes
over-optimising (especially with something as complex as SXEmacs) can
actually have an adverse affect.

Packages:
--------
Like XEmacs, SXEmacs only comes with a minimal set of lisp libraries
to cover only basic editing and functions.  To get fuller
functionality you need to install some extra elisp packages.  SXEmacs
doesn't actually distribute any elisp packages, but it can and does
use XEmacs packages.

Unlike XEmacs, SXEmacs does _NOT_ need any packages pre-installed
before its packaging tools (PUI) are usable.  To install elisp
packages into a virgin, packageless, SXEmacs, follow these steps...

  1) Start SXEmacs

  2) From the menubar, choose:

	  Tools -> Packages -> Set Download Site -> Official Releases
	    -> ...

  3) M-x pui-bootstrap RET

After the "bootstrapping" is finished you'll be asked if you want to
install anymore packages.
