
	   XEmacs Electronic Mailing Lists.  Last Modified: 1999-11-08

XEmacs has its own mailing lists and newsgroup which are distinct from
the FSF GNU Emacs mailing lists and newsgroups.  The mailing lists are: 

xemacs@xemacs.org		comp.emacs.xemacs bi-directional gateway.
  
  xemacs is an open list for discussion and bug reporting for
  XEmacs. This mailing list is bi-directionally gatewayed with the
  USENET newsgroup comp.emacs.xemacs.

xemacs-announce@xemacs.org	XEmacs Announcements.

  xemacs-announce is a read-only, low volume list for announcements
  concerning the XEmacs project and new releases of the XEmacs
  software.

xemacs-beta@xemacs.org		XEmacs Beta Testers.

  xemacs-beta is an open list for bug reports and general
  communication about beta versions of XEmacs.

xemacs-build-reports@xemacs.org	XEmacs Build Report Submissions.
	
  xemacs-build-reports is an open list for submission of build-reports
  on beta versions of XEmacs. For information on what the
  build-reports should contain, please see the `etc/BETA' file which
  is included in each beta distribution.

xemacs-cvs@xemacs.org		XEmacs CVS Commit Notices.

  xemacs-cvs is a read-only list for notices and information on what
  has been committed to the XEmacs CVS trees, by whom, and for
  what. (For more information on the XEmacs CVS Archive:
  http://cvs.xemacs.org/.)

xemacs-mule@xemacs.org		XEmacs International Extensions.

  xemacs-mule is an open mailing list for discussion of International
  extensions to XEmacs including Mule, XIM, I18n issues, etc, and is
  not confined to developmental issues.  This list is not restricted
  to English, postings in all languages are welcome.

xemacs-nt@xemacs.org		XEmacs on Windows NT/98/95.

  xemacs-nt is a developer's only mailing list and is intended for
  people who wish to work actively on the porting of XEmacs to
  Microsoft Windows NT and Microsoft Windows 98/95.

xemacs-patches@xemacs.org	XEmacs Patch Submissions.

  xemacs-patches is an open, moderated list for submission of patches
  to the XEmacs distribution and its packages. Anyone may subscribe or
  submit to xemacs-patches, but all submissions are reviewed by the
  list moderator before they are distributed to the list.  Discussion
  is not appropriate on xemacs-patches.

xemacs-users-ja@xemacs.org	XEmacs (Japanese).

  xemacs-users-ja is an open list for discussion and bug reporting for
  XEmacs. Japanese is the preferred language of discussion. It is not
  gated to comp.emacs.xemacs or the xemacs list.  For fastest
  response, bugs not specifically related to Japanese or Mule features
  should be reported on xemacs (in English).

xemacs-beta-ja@xemacs.org	XEmacs Beta (Japanese).

  xemacs-beta-ja is an open list for bug reports and general
  communication about beta versions of XEmacs, especially features
  related to Mule and Japanese-handling. Japanese is the preferred
  language of discussion. Bugs not specifically related to Japanese or
  Mule features should be reported on xemacs-beta (in English). Please
  consider sending bug reports on Mule to xemacs-mule, in English.

The most up to date information on the mailing lists can always be
found at http://www.xemacs.org/.

Subscriptions:

Subscription to all the lists is accomplished by sending an e-mail
message to LISTNAME-request@xemacs.org with `subscribe' (without the
quotes) as the BODY of the message.

To unsubscribe, send an e-mail to LISTNAME-request@xemacs.org with
`unsubscribe' (without the quotes) as the BODY of the message.

List Archives:

A browsable and searchable archive of these lists is available at
http://www.xemacs.org/list-archives/.

Problems:

Any comments, questions, or complaints about the lists should be
brought to the attention of the XEmacs Mailing List Manager
<list-manager@xemacs.org>.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

	GNU Project Electronic Mailing Lists and gnUSENET Newsgroups:

The XEmacs project is separate from and not managed by the GNU
project.  The latest information about the GNU project mailing lists
can be found at ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/GNUinfo/MAILINGLISTS

Please do NOT send messages about problems with XEmacs to the FSF GNU
Emacs newsgroups and mailing lists unless you are sure that the
problem you are reporting is a problem with both versions of GNU
Emacs.  People who aren't subscribed to the XEmacs mailing list most
likely are not interested in hearing about problems with it.

