The files in this directory contain source code for the XEmacs
facilities written in Emacs Lisp.  *.el files are Elisp source, and
*.elc files are byte-compiled versions of the corresponding *.el
files.  Byte-compiled files are architecture-independent.

#### Someone please update this.

bogus> When XEmacs starts up, it adds all subdirectories of the
bogus> site-lisp directory.  The site-lisp directory normally exists
bogus> only in installation trees.  For more information about the
bogus> site-lisp directory see the NEWS file.

bogus> After XEmacs adds all subdirectories of the site-lisp
bogus> directory, it adds all subdirectories of this directory to the
bogus> load-path (the list of directories to be searched when loading
bogus> files.)  To speed up this process, this directory has been
bogus> rearranged to have very few files at the top-level, so that
bogus> emacs doesn't have to stat() several hundred files to find the
bogus> dozen or so which are actually subdirectories.

bogus> Directories whose names begin with "-" or "." are not added to
bogus> the default load-path.

The only files which remain at top-level are those which you might
reasonably want to alter when installing or customizing XEmacs at your
site.  The files which may appear at top level are:

	paths.el	You may need to change the default pathnames here,
			but probably not.  This is loaded before XEmacs is
			dumped.

	site-init.el	To pre-load additional libraries into XEmacs and dump
			them in the executable, load them from this file.
			Read the instructions in this file for a description
			of how to do this.

	site-load.el	This is like site-init.el, but if you want the 
			docstrings of your preloaded libraries to be kept in
			the DOC file instead of in the executable, you should
			load them from this file instead.  To do this, you must
			also cause them to be scanned when the DOC file is
			generated by editing ../src/Makefile.in.in and
			rerunning configure.

	site-start.el	This is loaded each time XEmacs starts up, before the
			user's .emacs file.

	default.el	This is loaded each time XEmacs starts up, after the
			user's .emacs file, unless .emacs sets the variable
			inhibit-default-init to t.

	version.el	This contains the version information for XEmacs.
